Q1. Given an array of integers,rearrange the array such that all odd integers should appear in the left side of the array and
    all the even integers should appeaar in the right side of the array. Constraint is not to use another array.
	Input :																Sample Input :
		n - size of array followed by											5
		array of n integers														3 5 6 8 1
	Output :															Sample  Output : 
		array of n integers in required format									3 5 1 6 8
	
	Solution : rearrangeArray.c

Q2. Charlie is the doting brother of little Lola. Be it any sort of thing from a haircut, trying new foods or losing a teeth, 
	Charlie is been there and is happy to share his wisdom with his little sis. Back from school on an evening, Charlie and 
	Lola were passing their time by reading few string algorithms. Lola lacked interest in the middle as she is still just a 
	novice but didn't disturb her brother who was very much involved in the reading. After a while, Lola stopped Charlie to 
	gauge his understanding in the topic. She gave Charlie a string S and Q queries to be applied on the string. Each query 
	contains four integers ( i, j, k, l). For every query, first reverse the substring s[i, j] (inclusive) and then report if 
	substring s[k, l] (inclusive) is a palindrome. It is to be noted that the reversal operations are only for the specific query 
	and should not persist for further queries. You have to write a program that answers the Q queries on string S, for Lola to 
	check the answers that Charlie has given. 
  
	For example, 																					Sample Input : 
	Consider the input string S = "ababa" and Q = 4. 													ababa
	The 4 queries on the string S are given below with values of ( i, j, k, l) as follows: 				4
	2 3 3 4 																							2 3 3 4
	1 2 3 4 																							1 2 3 4
	1 3 3 5 																							1 3 3 5
	2 4 1 5 																							2 4 1 5
	  
	Query 1: The string becomes a abba. The queried substring is bb, which is a palindrome. 		
	Query 2: The string becomes baaba. The queried substring is ab, which is not a palindrome. 
	Query 3: The string becomes ababa. The queried substring is aba, which is a palindrome. 
	Query 4: The string becomes a baba. The queried substring is ababa, which is a palindrome. 
	So the final output is 																			Sample Output : 
	Yes 																								Yes
	No  																								No
	Yes  																								Yes
	Yes  																								Yes
	  
	Input Format: 
	The first line of input contains string S. S contains only the characters 'a' to 'z'. Assume the maximum length of the string as 50. 
	The next line contains an integer Q. Each of the following Q lines each contain 4 space separated integers i, j, k and l. 
	  
	Output Format: 
	Output exactly Q lines, each containing the result of corresponding query as "Yes" or "No".
	
	Solution : question2.c
	
Q3. Given a string, number of operations and a set of rotation operations on it, find out whether the string formed from the first character
	of the string after each operation is a substring of the original string or not. Operation is rotation of string described by the direction(R/L)
	in which it would be rotated and magnitude i.e. by what amount.
	For Example,String : helloWorld
		on R 3 : rldhelloWo , then
		on L 5 : lloWorldhe
	
	Input :																Sample Input :
		string																	helloWorld
		n - no of querries followed by											2
		Querries/Operations														R 3 L 5
	Output :															Sample  Output : 
		YES/NO (whether it is substring or not)									YES		//as rl is substring of helloWorld
	
	**Note: the input would be space separated as helloWorld 2 R 3 L 5